
PAGE 1
REVENUE DEPARTMENT, GOVT. OF NCT OF DELHI 
GUIDELINES FOR ISSUANCE OFSURVIVING MEMBER CERTIFICATE 
 
Eligibility Criteria 
The applicant is entitled forSurviving Member Certificate if he/she is-  
 An Individual who is a citizen of India. 
 AnIndividual who is a resident of Delhi. 
Documentsto be attached with the  Application Form 
1. Identity Proof of Applicant and all the surviving family members ( Any Oneis mandatory) – 
 Aadhaar Card  PAN Card  Ration Card with Photo 
 Voter ID Card  Passport   Driving License 
 Any Govt. recognized document  
 
2. Present Address Proof of Applicant( Any Oneis mandatory) – 
 Aadhaar Card  Voter ID Card  Driving License 
 Passport   Ration Card  Rent Agreement (Registered ) 
 Bank Passbook  Electricity Bill  Water Bill 
 Telephone Bill(Landline or Post-paid)  Gas Bill  Any Govt. recognizeddocument 
 
3. Permanent Address Proof of Applicant (Any Oneis mandatory) –Same as List in Col No.2 above. 
4. Death Certificate of Deceased Person 
5. List of Surviving members if more than 4, as perthe format in Annexure I. 
6. Citizen must provide singed copy of the self-declaration form along with the application form. 
7. One Passport size Coloured Photograph of the Applicantand all the surviving family members(Size 5cm x 4.5cm Or 
2”x1.75”) 
 Should include full face, front view and open eyes   should be of full head from top of hair to shoulder  
 should be in a plain white or off-white background  shouldn’t be shadows on the face or background 
 should have a natural expression (closed mouth)  should not include sunglasses or hats 
 
Important Note 
 Applicant’sself-attested copy of the original document to be produced while applying at Citizen Service Centre 
(CSC)and if applying online then document are to be uploaded in e -District application software. Physical verification 
of some documents may be necessary at the counter even in case of online applications. 
 Scanned copy of original Self-Declaration has to be uploaded w hile applying online and originaldeclaration hasto be 
submitted to the concerned SDM/Tehsildar/CSC by hand or speed post/registered post along with Application 
/Acknowledgement number 
 The Applicant himself/herself /any of his family member  should submit photographs of deceased and all  surviving 
members. In case of online application, applicant must upload deceased and al surviving members  photographs(As 
per specifications above) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

PAGE 2
 
 
Annexure I 
 
LIST OF SURVIVING NUMBERS 
 
 
 
 
Signature of Applicant 
 
S.No Name of 
Surviving 
Member 
Age 
(in 
years) 
Relation with  
Deceased 
Identity Proof Identity Proof No Photo 
1.       
2.       
3.       
4.       
5.       
6.       