About Department | Mumbai Suburban District, Government of Maharashtra | India
Search
Search
Social Media Links
Site Map
Accessibility Links
Accessibility
                                            Tools
Color Contrast
High Contrast
High Contrast
Normal Contrast
Normal Contrast - Selected
Highlight Links
Highlight Links - Selected
Invert
Invert page colors
Saturation
Apply saturation
Text Size
Font Size Increase
Font Size Increase
Normal Font
Normal Font - Selected
Font Size Decrease
Font Size Decrease
Text Spacing
Text Spacing
Line Height
Line Height
Other Controls
Big Cursor
Big Cursor
Hide Image
Hide Image
Text to Speech
महाराष्ट्र शासन
GOVERNMENT OF MAHARASHTRA
मुंबई उपनगर जिल्हा
Mumbai Suburban District
Menu Toggle
More
Home
About District
History
Who’s Who
Public Representatives
Map of District
Organisation Chart
Administrative Setup
Collectorate
Tehsil
Subdivision & Blocks
Village
Police
Constituencies
Demography
Geo-Tagging of Offices
Aadhaar Center List
Borivali
Andheri
Kurla
Departments
Election Branch
SIR 2026
How to Register to Vote
Candidate Expenditure in Election
How to search voter details
District Planning
Sanjay Gandhi Yojana
Establishment Branch
Land Records
Mining Branch
ULC
Revenue Branch
Record Branch
LRT Branch
Land Acquisation Branch
SDO Eastern Branch
SDO Western Branch
Upper Chitnis Branch
Lease Branch
Recovery Branch
Accounts Branch
Internal Audit Branch
Entertainment Branch
Registration Branch
Govt Scemes and Website
Government Websites
Various Govt Schemes
Directory
Disaster Management
Helpline
STD & PIN Codes
Public Utilities
Banks
Colleges/Universities
Electricity
Hospitals
Municipal Coporation
NGOs
Postal
Schools
RTS Act
RTI
100 Days Program
Tourism
How to Reach
Places of Interest
Tourist Places
Election 2024
Documents
Annual Report
Office Order
Census
Guidelines
District Profile
Plan Report
Statistical Report
Citizen Charter
Others
Notification
SEO Related
Forms
Kunbi Records
Notices
Events
Upcoming Events
Announcements
Recruitment
Tenders/ Auctions
LAND ACQUISITION
Publication
E-GOV Project
Online Software Projects
Citizen Services
Schemes
Media Gallery
Photo Gallery
Video Gallery
Press Releases
iRAD Project
National Informatics Centre
Modern Setu
Self Declaration
Geographic Information System
More Menu
Close
Home
About Department
Facebook
X
About Department
About Department
Departmental Structure
About Department
City Survey and Property Registration Card :
The City Survey of Mumbai Suburban District has been carried out during the period 1963-67. The City Survey Record is prepared for all the villages in Mumbai Suburban District. The City Survey record for each individual parcel of land has been created and given a particular number which is known as City Survey number. A property card for each City Survey number is also prepared.
The names of the Holders are only incorporated if the property is non-agricultural. If the property is agricultural, only tenure is mentioned as agricultural in P.R.C. When the property is converted to N.A. the holder name can be incorporated in the P.R. card after producing necessary documents by the Applicant (Property Holder), N.A. measurement of Plot and following due procedure for the same.The maps of City Survey are prepared in 1:500 scale.
City Survey Offices and their Jurisdiction :
In Mumbai Suburban District, there are three Talukas viz. Kurla, Andheri and Borivali. Total 86 villages are in Mumbai Suburban District. City Survey of these 86 villages were done by 10 city survey offices. The Jurisdiction of Each City Survey Office is as given below:
Along with the above CTSO’s there is an independent Office of the Taluka Inspector of Land Records, Mumbai Suburban District. The Superintendent of Land Records is the controlling authority of all the CTSO’s and the Taluka Inspector of Land Records.
Sr No
Name Of The Office
Officer Name
Office Address
Telephone No and Email id
Village Area Jurisdiction
1
District Superintendent Land Records,
Mumbai Suburban District
Shri. Krishnat Kanase
10th floor, Administrative building, near Chetana college, Government Colony, Bandra East, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400051
dslrmsd@gmail.com
Mumbai Suburban District
2
City Survey Officer, Chembur
Shri. Milind Bhole
Topiwala College premises, Sarojini Naidu Road, Mulund (West), Mumbai-400080
ctsochembur80@gmail.com
Chembur, Borla, Vadhavali, Mahul, Anik, Maravali, Turbhe,  Mankhurd, Mandale, Maan Budruk
3
City Survey Officer, Ghatkopar
Shri. Sujit Jadhav
Tehsildar Kurla Office Premises, Sarojini Naidu Road, Mulund (West), Mumbai-400080
ctsoghatkopar@gmail.com
Tungva, Chandivali, Asalpha, Kirol, Ghatkopar-Kirol, Ghatkopar,  Vikroli, Hariyali, Deonar
4
City Survey Officer, Kurla
Shri. Pankaj Phegde
Ground Floor, Topiwala College Building, Sarojini Naidu Road, Mulund (West), Mumbai-400080
ctsokurla@gmail.com
Kurla, Mohili, Saki
5
City Survey Officer, Mulund
Shri. Dinesh Dhokale
1st Floor, Topiwala College Building, Sarojini Naidu Road, Mulund (West), Mumbai-400080
ctsomulund@gmail.com
Nahur, Mulund, Bhandup, Kanjur, Tirandaj, Powai, Kopari, Paspoli
6
City Survey Officer, Andheri
Shri. Yogeshwar Savkar
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Nagar, Shri Swami Samarth Nagar Road, Vesave, Andheri (West), Mumbai-400053
ctsoandheri@gmail.com
Ambivali, Bandivali, Oshivara, Versova, Madh, Majas, Andheri, Ismalia, Mogara.
7
City Survey Officer, Bandra
Shri. Suraj Kavale
Revenue Building, 4th & 5th Floor, Beside Bandra Station, Opposite Bus Depot, Bandra (West), Mumbai-400050
bandractso@gmail.com
Bandra, Parighakhadi, Kole-Kalyan
8
City Survey Officer, Vile Parle
Shri. Dattatray Satpute
1st Floor, Municipal Motor Garage Compound, Milan Subway, S. V. Road, Santacruz (West) Mumbai 400054
ctsovileparle@gmail.com
Juhu, Vile Parle, Bramhanwada, Gundavali, Chakala, Kondivata, Bapnala,  Parjapur, Mulgaon, Vyarvali, Sahar, Marol.
9
City Survey Officer, Borivali
Shri. Umesh Zende
4th Floor Administrative Building, Natakwala Lane, S. V. Road, Borivali (West) Mumbai 400092.
ctsoborivali@gmail.com
Borivali, Kandivali, Manori, Gorai, Kanheri, Magathane, Mandpeshvar, Eksar, Dahisar,  Shimpavali, Charkop.
10
City Survey Officer, Goregaon
Shri. Ranjit Deshmukh
B.E.S.T. Adhikari Colony, Dadasaheb Rupavate Road, Goregaon (West), Mumbai 400104
ctsogoregaon@gmail.com
Poisar, Valanai, Wadhavan, Darivali,Akurli, Erangal, Malavani, Marve, Aksa, Pahari-Eksar, Pahari-Goregaon,
11
City Survey Officer, Malad
Shri. Amar Dhokale
Administrative Building, 5th Floor, Natakwala Lane, S. V. Road, Borivali (West), Mumbai-400092
maladctso@gmail.com
Malad, Goregaon, Aarey, Chichavali, Dindoshi, Kurar, Klerabad, Gundgaon, Tulsi,Sai.
12
Deputy Superintendent Land Records, Mumbai Suburban District
Shri. Vikas Rane
5
th floor, Administrative building, near Chetana college, Government Colony, Bandra East, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400051
dyslrmsd@gmail.com
Departmental Structure
Sr No
Department
Officer Name
Office Address
Email id
1
Settlement Commissioner and Director of Land Records
Dr. Suhas Divase, IAS
Settlement Commissioner And Director Of Land Records, 2nd Floor, NEW ADMINISTRATIVE BUILDING, opposite Council Hall, Agarkar Nagar, Pune, Maharashtra 411001
dlrmah.mah@nic.in
2
Deputy Director of Land Records, Konkan Region
Shri. Anil Mane
66/68 L, First Floor, Old Custom House, Shahid Bhagat Singh Road, Kala Ghoda, Fort, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400001
ddlrmumbai@gmail.com
3
District Superintendent of Land Records, Mumbai Suburban District
Shri. Krishnat Kanase
10th floor, Administrative building, near Chetana college, Government Colony, Bandra East, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400051
dslrmsd@gmail.com
4
Dy. Superintendent Land Records, Mumbai Suburban District
Shri Vikas Rane
5
th floor, Administrative building, near Chetana college, Government Colony, Bandra East, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400051
dyslrmsd@gmail.com
5
City Survey Officer, Vileparle
Shri Dattatray Satpute
Municipal Motor Garage Compound, Milan Subway, S. V. Road, Santacruz (West) Mumbai 400054
ctsovileparle@gmail.com
6
City Survey Officer, Borivali
Shri Umesh Zende
4th Floor Administrative Building, Natakwala Lane, S. V. Road, Borivali (West) Mumbai 400092.
ctsoborivali@gmail.com
7
City Survey Officer, Andheri
Shri Yogeshwar Savkar
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Nagar, Shri Swami Samarth Nagar Road, Vesave, Andheri (West), Mumbai-400053
ctso.andheri-mh@gov.in
8
City Survey Officer, Bandra
Shri Suraj Kavale
Revenue Building, 4th & 5th Floor, Beside Bandra Station, Opposite Bus Depot, Bandra (West), Mumbai-400050
bandractso@gmail.com
9
City Survey Officer, Malad
Shri Amar Dhokle
Administrative Building, 5th Floor, Natakwala Lane, S. V. Road, Borivali (West), Mumbai-400092
maladctso@gmail.com
10
City Survey Officer, Goregaon
Shri Ranjit Deshmukh
B.E.S.T. Adhikari Colony, Dadasaheb Rupavate Road, Goregaon (West), Mumbai 400104
ctsogoregaon@gmail.com
11
City Survey Officer, Ghatkopar
Shri Sujit Jadhav
Tahsildar Kurla Office Premises, Sarojini Naidu Road, Mulund (West), Mumbai-400080
ctsoghatkopar@gmail.com
12
City Survey Officer, Kurla
Shri Pankaj Phegde
Ground Floor, Topiwala College Building, Sarojini Naidu Road, Mulund (West), Mumbai-400080
ctsokurla@gmail.com
13
City Survey Officer, Chembur
Shri Milind Bhole
Topiwala College premises, Sarojini Naidu Road, Mulund (West), Mumbai-400080
ctsochembur80@gmail.com
14
City Survey Officer, Mulund
Shri Dinesh Dhokle
1st Floor, Topiwala College Building, Sarojini Naidu Road, Mulund (West), Mumbai-400080
ctsomulund@gmail.com
Office Procedure and Functions :
District Superintendent of Land Record
City Survey Officer
District Superintendent of Land Record
The Superintendent of Land Record is the controlling authority of all City Survey Offices. The Superintendent of Land Record Office carry out following functions:
Administrative/Executive:
Supervisory and controlling authority of all City Survey Officers.
The Superintendent of Land Records is an adviser to the Collector in all matters connected with land records, measurement work and the Maintenance of record of rights.
Co-ordinating authority between the Collector/ Dy. Director and City Survey Officers
Technical:
Proposals pertaining to boundary correction, area correction etc., are being submitted to the Collector with his due advisory remarks. Also he directs the City Survey Officers to issue copies of original records such as inquiry register, original sheets, on the application of the applicant.
City Survey Officer
There are Ten City Survey Officers in Mumbai Suburban District. They have to perform the following functions in their respective jurisdiction.
Administrative/Executive:
City Survey Officer is the Head of Office and D.D.O. He has to perform day-to-day establishment work, draw pay and allowance of staff and implement all the orders passed by higher authorities viz. The Collector and The Superintendent of Land Record.
Technical :
Maintenance of land records and record of rights
Carry out different types of measurement work.
Transfer of ownership rights.
Issue certified copies of public documents of land records.
Implementation of town planning scheme.
Detection of encroachments on Govt. Land.
Detection of change of use and unauthorised N.A. use.
Updating of V.F.II.
By way of review with the assistance of Maintenance Surveyor has to inspect the properties and update the record by recording the changes in map.(Sub-division, Road Widening, New Buildings, Utility Services.)
Submits the report relating to any land matter, (Govt. Land / Pvt. Land) as required by higher authorities.
Issue of certified copies of Land Records :
Certified copies of PRC, City Survey Map, Sheet, Abstract enquiry register, Orders etc, are issued by the signature of concern City Survey Officer on the application made by the applicant and after depositing prescribed coping charges.
e-OFFICE Land Records Department, Government of Maharashtra
To improve efficiency, accessibility, delivery and transparency of the services provided by the Land Records Department, Government of Maharashtra has adopted the digital way to serve the citizens through Automation of the administrative process and services in a more faster way. Citizens can communicate through respective emails of the District Superintendent of Land Records, Mumbai Suburban District office and City Survey, Mumbai Suburban District offices avail services online instead of the physical need to apply and visit the offices. They can track the status of the their applied applications through the online facilities provided by the department. User friendly Interfaces have been designed along with integration of all the services at the single platform self service portals offering citizens one stop solution for their multiple needs. With digital services citizens can avail the services , government resources anytime , anywhere 24/7 facility. The Links of the services provided by the Land Records Department, Government of Maharashtra are as follows
BHU-PRANAM Desk
– The offline service provided at the respective City Survey Offices for citizens to get certified copies of the documents related to their property. Citizens can visit the respective City Survey Offices to avail the offline facility of the some services in offline modes Emojni application form Mutation (updation ) entry application form
Website Policies
Help
Contact Us
Feedback
Visitor Count
Content Owned by District Administration
Developed and hosted by
National Informatics Centre
,
Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology
, Government of India
Last Updated:
Sep 02, 2026
Go to top